gh-98724: Fix Py_CLEAR() macro side effects (#99100)
python/cpython: Doc/c-api/refcounting.rst

   It is a good idea to use this macro whenever decrementing the reference
   count of an object that might be traversed during garbage collection.

   .. versionchanged:: 3.12

>       The macro argument is now only evaluated once. If the argument has side
>       effect, there are no longer duplicated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The macro argument is now only evaluated once. If the argument has side
      effects, these are no longer duplicated.
```

   Decrement the reference count for object *o*. A function version of :c:func:`Py_XDECREF`.
   It can be used for runtime dynamic embedding of Python.

.. c:macro:: Py_SETREF(dst, src)

   Macro safely decrementing the `dst` reference count and setting `dst` to

>    `src`.

Author: I tried to make it clear that Py_SETREF() and Py_XSETREF() are implemented as macros.
